In this demo I will show you how
the external DNS works.
In my data proposary I have a folder external DNS
and here I have a README.
This is the Project page
if you want to read more about it
or you want to read more about the different setups
that are available.
We need to do a few things
before we can use this externaL-DNS.
First we need to create IAM Policy
because we need to give permissions
to our nodes to create these DNS records.
I have a script for this,
this script adds permissions
to the nodes IAM role,
enabling any pod to use these AWS privileges.
Usage of kube2iam is recommended
but not yet implemented by default in kops.
So this role will add privileges
but it will add it to every node
and pod can users.
which is not really desired
but it is still a short coming
of a default deployment of kops.
They are implementing kube2iam
which resolves this,
which make sure
that you can put IAM roles on a pod basis
rather than on a node basis
but it is not implemented by default
so I have chosen to to the demo this way
and when there's a new version of kops
then there will be a better way of using IAM roles.
So to make this work
you need to change the node role
so this is the IAM role
for me it nodes kubernetes newtech academy.
So you will have to change this into you cluster name.
I am going to apply this,
if you don't get any output then it is working.
I am going to apply the ingress control again.
I am going to use apply instead of create
because I'm gonna make changes
to some of the objects later on.
You can always use apply instead
of create if you want.
Apply will actually allow you
to make changes DNS files
and then apply those changes again.
So I'm going to start ingress,
in this setup we still have the host port
because that's what I used in the previous lecture
but actually that's not necessary anymore.
So if you go to host port here
you could remove these lines
if you don't want to expose this port anymore
because we're going to put a Load Balancer
in front of this controller
so the host ports here are actually really not necessary.
So you could remove those
and then do an apply again.
I'm gonna create a Load Balancer
for the ingress.
This is going to create the Load Balancer.
So now I have an ingress-nginx Load Balancer
and this will
give me this host name.
So if I connect to this host name
I'll end up at the ingress controller
that's why you don't need
this host port anymore in this setup.
Then we're going to create external DNS
and the ingress role.
So let's create these,
also you see that here apply service-l4.yaml.
This service was created with
this confignap was configured.
If you use create instead of apply
then it would give an error
because we already have this confignap earlier,
so that's why I'm using apply here.
All this is created, let's have a look
at my ingress demo file,
again here I have configured instead of apply
because I already had an ingress with helloworld-rules
and now I applied one of the same name.
So we're having
2 hosts helloworld-v1 kubernetes newtech academy
and helloworld-v2 kubernetes newtech academy.
Let's have a look at the pods,
should have an external DNS pods.
Let's have a look at the logs,
UPSERT logs
and now you see we have
the helloworld-v1 kubernetes newtech academy
and v2 added.
So all the records are up to date
There's also a record
for ingress kubernetes newtech academy
because if I have a look at service-l4.yaml
then I also specified an external DNS validation here
to make sure that I also have a host for this ingress.
So now you should be able
to go to your browser
and you should be able
to reach helloworld-v1 kubernetes newtech academy
and helloworld-v2 kubernetes newtech academy
just like that there are no more changes necessary.
The external DNS created the DNS circuit for us
and it's pointing to Load Balancer, Load Balancer point
to the ingress, then the ingress has all the correct rules.
So I will curl but you can use your browser as well.
Curl helloworld-v1 gives hello world
curl helloworld-v2 gives helloworld v2.
So if I have a look at my ingress,
helloworld-v1 goes to helloworld-v1 service
and helloworld-v2 goes to helloworld-v2 service.
So this is all working.
This is a very nice setup that you can use
to have your DNS names automatically added.
So then someone could just create an application
with the service,
with an ingress rule
and everything gets automatically created
and you can start using your apps immediately.